Su Deyang blinded your dog eyes
What do you mean, sir?
You still have the face to ask
Come and drag Su Deyang down and kill him on the spot
Sir, is there any misunderstanding?
You should rule
It's the one on the stage
Robbery and payment for Galaxy's son-in-law?
Dare to ask
adult
adults adults
We let him take him
Adults don't
Ah!
Lord Nangong, are you mistaken?
Then why is General Su guilty?
Yes!
Even if you want to kill, you should kill that poisonous woman.
Dare to say one more word
Just like his color scheme
Lord Nangong usually walks with animals
Killed rashly today
rather
Regularly arrest the father behind his back
Proposal head
Don't worry.
I will definitely let their mother die rather than work hard
I want them to be torn to pieces
First Tongling Nantong Qin of the Three Armies
Greet your ancestors